1436790/1438462: Part 11: 17 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10330)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/adonet/ef/language-reference/type-system-entity-sql.md

  
-   Anonymous types that are not defined in the schema explicitly: <xref:System.Data.Metadata.Edm.CollectionType>, <xref:System.Data.Metadata.Edm.RowType>, and <xref:System.Data.Metadata.Edm.RefType>.  
  

>  This section discusses the anonymous types that are not defined in the schema explicitly but are supported by [!INCLUDE[esql](../../../../../../includes/esql-md.md)]. For information on primitive and nominal types, see [Conceptual Model Types (CSDL)](/ef/ef6/modeling/designer/advanced/edmx/csdl-spec#conceptual-model-types-csdl).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This section discusses the anonymous types that are not defined in the schema explicitly but are supported by Entity SQL. For information on primitive and nominal types, see [Conceptual Model Types (CSDL)](/ef/ef6/modeling/designer/advanced/edmx/csdl-spec#conceptual-model-types-csdl).  
```
